Access development context files (#528)
discord/access: .claude/access-dev-sync.md

# Access — Sync and notifications

Companion to `.claude/CLAUDE.md`. Read this when working on `syncer.py` (the Okta sync cronjob)
or on notification-plugin code.

## Sync and authority

> `syncer.py` runs as a Kubernetes cronjob every 15 minutes. It is fully `async` like the rest of

Reviewer: Is this enforced anywhere or are folks able to run this cronjob on any cadence? 
```suggestion
`syncer.py` is written to run as a cronjob. It is fully `async` like the rest of
```
